 1. A database driven web application using MVC
(PROOF OF CONCEPT)

The Idea is to build  a proof of concept for a dietary program based on reinforcing habits.
Is basically a eating habit program. Base in the existing ground diets types.

You will be able to :

A) Create a new Program with these parameters:

-Name your habit (program)
-Set a time or goal frame of time to archive 
this training habit (expect nor necessary obligatory)

- Set a list of ingredientes to check on your list.

- would be good if an open API Server already working outside of 
this application could be helpful as a source for 
the content products or veggies to add to the list.
(add manually in case not existence)

- Description of your own diet.
- Write clearly about your expectancy to archive. 
For example: lose weight or clean your gut.

B) Already set up to start/stop programs that exist in a list.

C) Programs should send a sort of remaining message by email.

D) You should have a page for users.
   We should provide logging credentials.

This requirement is for Stakeholder while testing this application.
E) it should have an instant feedback form for all the stakeholders.

This proof of concept should use database driven.
use and api with vegetales properties or other products

Proof of Concept? well!
Step 1: Prove the Need of a new future 
or way of thinking about doing diets and Changing eating habits.

Step 2: Map Points Solutions should get Feedback.
List of solutions or comment, so we go back to the users or all the  
stakeholders you initially interviewed and learn from their
reactions and responses to the recommended solutions.
Describe how you envision the product working.


Step 3: Prototype Your Solution and Test UI/UX
Record their use of the product to track 
how intuitive the interface really is,
and find out if you overlooked any important functionality.
resonates with users and stakeholders

Step 4: Create a Minimum Viable Product - An MVP
Resonates with users and stakeholders???
MVP should include a direct feetback of all functions and views.

Step 5: Design a Roadmap
roadmap as a set of blueprints for constructing a building.
clear goal.

Best Regards
/Heber Andrade
wwww.idesigner.se
